Rosser is bad
Lin Shengqiang ran away, what happened?
Of course he's super deer
And there is someone to answer
And drove through our self-control
Rosena, shall we chase?
We've alerted the snake now
Besides, catch Lin Shengqiang
We have no evidence to chase them directly.
Now is the time to seize the breakthrough of Gucheng Xiong
All awe obeys orders
Transfer to Xiong's house in the ancient city
Yes sir, this is the key to Xiong's safe in the ancient city
After confirming that it can be opened
Bring the whole safe back to the middle
understand
Remember, no one is allowed to touch the safe
Write it down when you figure it out
You take the initiative to explain
It's two properties from what we found out.
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't blame you
But brothers
Tell me about Linger's current situation.
Write down your crime first
I asked you how is Linger now?
How many people did Gu Changxiong kill and do?
You deserve Tilinger too.
If you hadn't been able to show up like this
I can't help it.
I am such a precious daughter
I don't fight him with bare hands
How did he grow up carefree?
You have to ask yourself
Is that why you kill more people?
I had no choice
wind
If you hurt a nerve
I'm afraid I'll never wake up in my life